azure functions or csharp microservice-console-stream consumer or (ev… (#2224)
dotnet/EntityFramework.Docs: entity-framework/core/get-started/index.md

EF Core can also [reverse engineer](../managing-schemas/scaffolding.md) a model from an existing database.

> Tip: In a real app, you put the [connection string](../miscellaneous/connection-strings.md) in a configuration file or environment variable. To keep the tutorial simple, connetion string is contained in one file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tip: This application intentionally keeps things simple for clarity. [Connection strings](../miscellaneous/connection-strings.md) should not be stored in the code for production applications. You may also want to split each C# class into it's own file.
```
